Bypass 
  superclass: Tactical-Mission-Task 
  superclass:  Move 
  object: Military-Unit 
  base: Tangible-Entity 
  path: Spatial-Entity 
  origin: Place 
  destination: Place 
 
   precondition: Be-Blocked with 
                     object: the Spatial-Entity path-of Self 
 
  subevent: 
            Move-around:      
                 superclass: Move  (Wordnet sense 1) 
                 temporally-contained-by: Self 
                 object: Tangible-Entity     (obstacle, position, or enemy force) 
                 path: mustnt-be-a Spatial-Entity with 
                            path of:  Self 
                 origin: a Place with 
                               is-on: SE path of Self                                           
                               is-in-front-of: TE object of Self 
                 destination: a Place with 
                                          is-on: SE path of Self 
                                          is-behind: TE object of Self 
              Observe: 
                  agent: MU called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                  object: MU called "enemy forces" 
               Avoid: 
                  agent: MU called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                  object: MU called "enemy forces" 
                  cliché: Intentional-Act 
                  defeats: Combat 
                                   object: MU called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                                   object: MU called "enemy forces" 
 
                  
Bypass (A). 
======. 
1. Bypass is a tactical mission task in which the commander directs his unit to maneuver around an obstacle, position, or enemy force to maintain the momentum of the operation while deliberately avoiding combat with an enemy force. 
2. The force normally keeps the bypassed enemy under observation until relieved by another force unless as part of a raid. 
3. A senior commander does not normally delegate authority to bypass below the battalion task force level. 
4. Before approving the bypass, the commander ensures that the bypassing force checks the bypass route for enemy presence and trafficability. 
 
The two bypass techniques that the force can employ are: 
- Avoiding the enemy totally. 
Fixing the enemy in place with fires and then conducting the bypass. 
