;; 
;;    $Id: Defeat.txt,v 1.4 2003/09/10 16:29:17 jchaw Exp $
;; 

Defeat 
  superclass: Overcome  (Wordnet  sense 1) 
  superclass: Tactical-Mission-Task 
  agent: Military-Unit <----> Actor 
  object:  Military-Unit <---->  Acted on 
  causes: Decrease with 
                         property: Combat-Strength of L-E object of Self 
                         new-value: less-than value of Combat-Strength necessary-for Combat 
  by-means-of: Attack (Appendix) 
                               agent: Military-Unit called "friendly forces" 
                               object:  Military-Unit called "enemy forces" 
                               instrument: Weapon 
                               manner: Forcefully 
                               cliché: Intentional-Act 
                               cliché: Unauthorized-Act 
                        Threat-of-Attack (Appendix) 
                             agent: MU called "protagonist force" 
                               object: MU called "antagonist force" 
 
  resulting-state: 
        Be-Defeated 
                  object: MU called "enemy forces"       
 
Note: Be-Defeated state should encode 2 below. 
Note: The Morrison document breaks this action into "Manuever" and "Attack" 
 
 
Defeat (E). 
======. 
1. Defeat is a tactical mission task that occurs when an enemy force has temporarily or permanently lost the physical means or the will to fight. 
2. The defeated force's commander is unwilling or unable to pursue his adopted course of action, thereby yielding to the friendly commander's will and can no longer interfere to a significant degree with the actions of friendly forces. 
3. Defeat can result from the use of force or the threat of its use. 
 
4. A commander can generate different effects against an enemy to defeat him: 
     a. Physical.  The enemy loses the physical means to continue fighting. 
                  He no longer has the personnel, weapon systems, equipment, or supplies to                    
                  carry out his assigned mission. 
b. Psychological.  The enemy loses the will to fight.  He becomes mentally exhausted,  
    and his morale is so low that he can no longer continue to carry out his assigned   
    mission. 
