;; 
;;    $Id: Interdict.txt,v 1.4 2003/09/10 16:29:17 jchaw Exp $
;; 

Interdict 
  superclass: Tactical-Mission-Task  
  superclass: Interfere?? Intercept?? 
  agent: Military-Unit <----> Actor 
  object:  Military-Unit <---->  Acted on 
                  object-of : Move 
  duration: (required) 
  starts-after: Time-Interval with 
                            starts: Move object-of of Military-Unit object of Self 
  supports: Action with  
                      agent: MU called "friendly forces"            
 
  by-means-of:  
      Attack-by-fire 
      Block 
 
  objective: Action with 
                     prevent: Move 
                         agent: MU agent of Self 
                         object: MU object of Self 
                         destination: Place 
                  Disrupt with  
                      inhibit: Move 
                         agent: MU agent of Self 
                         object: MU object of Self 
                         destination: Place 
                  Delay with 
                         agent: MU agent of Self 
                         object: MU object of Self 
 
                   
 
 
Note: Difference (I think) between INTERDICT and FIX is that in the former  the enemy troops typically are already moving. 
 
Interdict (E). 
=========. 
 
1. Interdict is a tactical mission task where the commander prevents, disrupts, or delays the enemy's use of an area or route. 
2. Interdiction is a shaping operation conducted to complement and reinforce other ongoing offensive or defensive operations. 
3. An interdiction task must specify how long to interdict, defined as a length of time or some event that must occur before the interdiction is lifted, or the exact effect desired from the interdiction. 
4. The depth at which the attacking force conducts the interdiction generally determines the friendly force's freedom of action. 
Increasing the depth of operations reduces the danger of fratricide to air and surface forces, reduces the coordination required, and allows increasingly flexible operations. 
With more freedom of action, aerial forces leave the enemy with no location immune from attack. 
5. The depth at which interdiction takes place also determines the speed with which its effects are observed. 
Normally, ground maneuver units first focus on targets close to the forward of line own troops (FLOT). 
Interdiction efforts there have immediate impact on enemy forces near the interdiction target but do not affect the enemy's ability to mass force effects. 
Attacks at greater distances from the FLOT have a delayed impact on close combat but eventually degrade the enemy's ability to mass effects. 
6. The friendly force's capability to interdict may have a devastating impact on the enemy's plans and ability to respond to friendly actions. 
For example, interdiction efforts that result in the enemy's maneuver being delayed or disrupted enhances the friendly force's ability to achieve tactical advantages. 
Delaying or disrupting enemy resupply efforts limits his ability to sustain intense, high-tempo offensive or defensive operations and restricts the mobility of his forces. 
7. Interdicting the movement of enemy units can be extremely effective in assisting their encirclement and eventual destruction. 
Fixed enemy ground forces-or those trapped by the loss of their mobility-provide lucrative targets.89.  Commander should plan to interdict withdrawing enemy forces to enhance his pursuit. 
9. While interdiction can contribute to success by hampering reinforcement and resupply, it can also contribute by trapping enemy forces or canalizing their maneuvers, leading to their destruction in detail. 
 
 
 
 
 
