;; 
;;    $Id: Support-by-Fire.txt,v 1.2 2003/09/10 16:29:17 jchaw Exp $
;; 

Support-by-fire 
  superclass: Tactical-Mission-Task 
  agent: Military-Unit <----> Actor 
  object:  Military-Unit <---->  Acted on?? 
  instrument: Object with  
                         plays: weapon 
  location: mustnt-be Place with 
                                   is-near: Military-Unit called "enemy forces" object-of Self 
  manner: Forcefully 
  cliché: Intentional-Act 
  cliché: Unauthorized-Act 
  supports: Tactical-Mission-Task 
                      agent: Military-Unit called "friendly forces" with 
                                    plays: Ally 
 
objective: 
                   Fix    (primary objective) 
                      agent: MU called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                      object: Military-Unit called "enemy forces"  object of Self 
                  Suppress     (primary objective) 
                      agent: MU called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                      object: Military-Unit called "enemy forces"  object of Self  
                   Destroy          (secondary objective)    (if enemy tries to move) 
                      agent: MU called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                      object: Military-Unit called "enemy forces"  object of Self 
                      temporally-starts: Time-Interval             
                                                       time-of: Move with 
                                                                 object: Military-Unit called "enemy forces"  object of Self 
                                                          
  subevent:  
                   Occupy:  
                        object: Military-Unit called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                        destination: a Place with 
                                                plays: Cover   
                                            mustnt-be-a Place with 
                                                 is-near: MU called "enemy forces"    
                                            
                        objective: Observe 
                                            agent: MU called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                                            object: MU called "enemy forces" 
                                            manner: Well 
                                        Hide 
                                            object: MU called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                                            base: MU called "enemy forces" 
                                        Fire: 
                                           agent: MU called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                                           origin: the Place origin of Occupy subevent of Self 
                                           destination: Military-Unit called "enemy forces"  object of Self 
                                           path: mustnt-be-a Spatial-Entity with 
                                                                               object-of:  Be-blocked 
 
                   Fire 
                      agent: MU called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                      origin: the Place origin of Occupy subevent of Self 
                      destination: Military-Unit called "enemy forces"  object of Self 
 
                   Event: mustnt-be-a  
                                 Capture 
                                     agent: MU called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                                     object: Military-Unit called "enemy forces"  object of Self 
                                Seize 
                                     agent: MU called "friendly forces" agent of Self 
                                     object: Region with 
                                                   is-controlled-by: Military-Unit called "enemy forces"  object of Self 
                      
 
Note: How to designate relative importance of an objective. 
 
---------------------------- 
 
Support-by-fire (A). 
===============. 
1. Support-by-fire is a tactical mission task in which a maneuver force moves to a position where it can engage the enemy by direct fire in support of another maneuvering force. 
2. The primary objective of the support force is normally to fix and suppress the enemy 
    so he cannot effectively fire on the maneuvering force. 
    The secondary objective is to destroy the enemy if he tries to reposition. 
3. A unit conducting the task of support by fire does not maneuver to capture enemy forces or terrain. 
4. When assigning a support-by-fire mission, the commander designates the enemy, when 
     to attack, the general location from which to operate, the friendly force to support, and  
     the purpose of the task, such as fix or suppress. 
5. Once the commander gives an element the task of support by fire, it should occupy support by fire positions that have cover and concealment, good observation, and clear fields of fire. 
6. Support by fire closely resembles the task of attack by fire. 
The difference is that support by fire supports another force so it can maneuver against the enemy, while an attack by fire does not support the maneuver of another friendly force. 
